Rename `faas.execution` to `faas.invocation_id` and change units for `faas.max_memory` (#3209)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/resource/semantic_conventions/faas.md

| `faas.id` | string | The unique ID of the single function that this runtime instance executes. [2] | `arn:aws:lambda:us-west-2:123456789012:function:my-function` | Recommended |
| `faas.version` | string | The immutable version of the function being executed. [3] | `26`; `pinkfroid-00002` | Recommended |
| `faas.instance` | string | The execution environment ID as a string, that will be potentially reused for other invocations to the same function/function version. [4] | `2021/06/28/[$LATEST]2f399eb14537447da05ab2a2e39309de` | Recommended |

> | `faas.max_memory` | int | The amount of memory available to the serverless function converted to Bytes. [5] | `128000000` | Recommended |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `faas.max_memory` | int | The amount of memory available to the serverless function converted to Bytes. [5] | `134217728` | Recommended |
```

**[4]:** * **AWS Lambda:** Use the (full) log stream name.

> **[5]:** It's recommended to set this attribute since e.g. too little memory can easily stop a Java AWS Lambda function from working correctly. On AWS Lambda, the environment variable `AWS_LAMBDA_FUNCTION_MEMORY_SIZE` provides this information (multiplied by 1000000).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**[5]:** It's recommended to set this attribute since e.g. too little memory can easily stop a Java AWS Lambda function from working correctly. On AWS Lambda, the environment variable `AWS_LAMBDA_FUNCTION_MEMORY_SIZE` provides this information (which must be multiplied by 1,048,576).
```
